### CIS 120 Homework 8: SpellChecker

## Homework Instructions

Please follow the instructions available here:

*   [Homework Description](http://www.cis.upenn.edu/~cis120/current/hw/hw08)

## Running your code and tests

*   First “Compile” to update the code generated by your program.

*   To run the JUnit Tests, click the Tools -> JUnit (Beta) in the menu
    bar. This will create a new tab in Codio called “JUnit (Beta)“. In this
    tab, you can view the results of your tests under “JUnit
    Executions”. There is also an option there to “Reexecute your tests”.

*   To run the project using the GUI interface (after finishing parts 1-3)

	* Select "Run GUI" from the commands
	
	* Preview the GUI with the "SpellChecker" tab
	
	* After selecting the input file to spell check, the dictionary to use,
      and the type of corrector, you will see the text of the input where
      misspelled words are RED. You can click on a misspelled word to replace
      or ignore it. You can also edit the text.
	
	* Some browsers do not recognize mouseclicks in Codio and may have trouble
      with the GUI. You do *not* need to be able to run the program in this
      way to finish the assignment.

*   To run the commandline SpellChecker (after finishing part 4)

    * Select "Run commandline" from the menu
	
	* You will interactively spellcheck the `Gettysburg.txt` file using the
      file corrector. The results of your interaction will be saved as
      `files/Gettysburg-out.txt`
	  
    * You can also run using a new terminal window (from Tools -> Terminal). 
        * Type the following command: ```java -cp bin SpellCheckerRunner files/Gettysburg.txt files/Gettysburg-out.txt files/dictionary.txt files/misspellings.txt```
        * In general, the format of the command is as follows: ```java -cp bin SpellCheckRunner <in> <out> <dictionary> <corrector>``` where
            * in - input file
            * out - output file
            * dictionary - path to a dictionary file
            * corrector - either SWAP, LEV, or a path to a corrections file
        

## Zipping and Submitting

Once you are finished, use the “Zip” menu item to create a file called “submit-hw08(-time).zip” and upload it here:

[Homework Submission Site](https://fling.seas.upenn.edu/~cis120/current/admin/dashboard.html)

## Codio Documentation

Codio documentation can be found here:

[CIS 120 Codio Documentation](http://www.cis.upenn.edu/~cis120/current/codio.shtml)
